Brother Ze
Let's break the engagement
Why did you bring this up again
I've said it many times
But you never agreed
I know why you didn't agree before
But now
I think
You should agree
Come and take over our meaningless engagement
Come
Enter the marriage we neglected
Brother Ze
You betrayed the sincerity I once had for you
And
The bad superstar you secretly hid
You regret it
Regret congratulations to the host for completing 50% of the task
OK
Respect for your regret
Did you encounter something unhappy
You drink too much
OK
There is a bastard who makes me unhappy
Who makes you unhappy, I will do it for you
What is the black bee doing with such a big battle?
It's illegal for me to have a drink with my fiancé
Your fiancé